A small toy tractor
which can move in this direction.
Piece of paper, which am going to slide and move in this direction.
If I was to...
say that the tractor would move across this table in this direction,
it would do what you would expect,
move from here to here.
If I was to say that the paper would move in this direction,
it would do what you expect.
Moving across the table...
falls off the table.
But in combining the two motions...
we turn the tractor on...
we got to move on the paper.
We now move the paper across the top of the table.
By combining those two motions we've shown that
this placement here combined with the displacement in this direction
goes to result so that... its over here.
This direction.